Subtitle made by: MeticulousSubs
If you're planning on improving
or translating these subtitles...
Please give credit
where credit is due.
Thank you
and enjoy the movie.
This is Dr. Benjamin Price.
Professor of ancient history.
Log number four.
The fabled Necronomicon.
the Book of the Dead. is not just a myth.
The Circle of the Wise Men have found it.
And despite my warnings.
they read from the book's unholy passages.
Unleashing flesh-possessing
demons so malevolent.
as though the devil himself were here.
God help us.
Log number five.
We found something.
An item of great power. capable of
sending them back to hell.
Should they return. I've hidden it.
behind Rune and Hex.
It must remain that way.
For if unsealed.
they will sense it.
They will smell its call in the earth.
Taste it on the air.
And then.
they will stop at nothing.
To destroy it.
I swear to God.
he jumps out of the window.
and he's running down the street.
in his underwear.
- Who the fuck just jumps out of a window?
- I know. Just a stupid motherfucker.
Oh. my God.
Don't tell me that's Emma. man.
- Don't answer that.
- What if it's an emergency?
Leo. it's not an emergency.
She's just freaking out
about this lake story.
Next time. please. you leave
your fucking phone in the car.
Get off my dick. bro.
Come on.
Let's get out of here.
- You gotta be kidding me.
- Come on. Don't answer the phone.
Don't answer
your fucking phone. Leo.
I swear to God. if you answer that shit.
I'm leaving.
- Hold your ground. man.
- Hey. Hey. babe.
- You fucking...
- How's it going?
I was just about to call.
Yeah. we've been fishing out in the water.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Love you. too.
Bye. Bye.
Jared!
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Quit fucking around.
Jared!
Help!
What the fuck?
Jared!
Jared. where are you?
Oh. my God.
Oh. fuck!
I got you. buddy.
I got you.
What the fuck?!
I got a little something
for the birthday boy here.
Wow!
- Here you go.
- Gorgeous!
- Gone a little overboard. but you deserve it.
- We love it!
- Happy birthday!
- Yay!
- Happy birthday. bro.
- I'll get us some more champagne.
- Uh. no.
Alice. Alice. Alice.
- Come here.
- What was that?
- Are you serious with that whistle?
- No. I'm just playing. okay?
But you're not listening.
This is our third bottle.
Maybe we ought to just. you know.
slow it down a little bit.
It's Joseph's birthday.
- We can get a little drunk.
- Okay. okay.
Good vibes only. okay?
Let's. um. open presents.
Joseph...
Happy birthday. bro.
This is. uh.
it's from both of us.
You guys didn't need to do anything.
Wow! Thank you. guys.
This is...
Oh. it's a pen.
Yeah. well.
it's not just any pen.
That's a Belvoir.
These are like a thousand bucks.
Yeah. more.
But that is not the point.
I wanted to get it so. you know. to
encourage you to finally finish your book.
That's not very subtle. babe.
Well. to be fair. this is the fifth book
that he started.
- Actually. it's the fourth. so...
- The fourth?!
- Yeah.
- Shit. man. I'm sorry.
But if you look at Alice with her pictures.
I mean. you know. they were fine.
Ever since I bought her that bad boy.
the difference has been incredible.
And sometimes I think
you just need a little nudge.
Yeah. speaking of...
And...
Ta-ta-ta. ta-ta-ta-ta!
- Happy birthday.
- I love the wrapping.
- No. shit!
- Oh. my God.
That looks so cute.
Everybody looks cute
in black and white.
You didn't tell me
you were bringing your own gift.
- It's just a small something.
- Yeah.
- Nothing compared to your Belvoir.
- Our Belvoir.
- I just said that it was from both of us.
- Thank you. both. Thank you.
No. and you're so talented.
I always forget.
You Americans like to hug.
- Sister-in-law side hug.
- Yeah.
Just trying to kiss my boyfriend?
What's going on?
Well. you know. we French girls like to
give handjobs when we say hello.
Yeah. that's really classy.
Yeah. talk about subtle. Alice.
- He's just upset because I brought my own gift.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- I couldn't care less.
- So why are you criticizing everything?
- I'm not criticizing. you could ease up on the drinks.
- Yes. you are!
- We're celebrating. of course I'm drinking.
- I know. we're celebrating.
- Just fucking tone it down.
- Okay!
I'm done.
- Cigarette?
- Mhm.
Promise me
we'll never get married. okay?
Look. dude. she didn't
mean anything by it.
No. no. no. no.
She meant it.
Yeah. yeah.
She does this to rile me up.
It's like this cigarette thing.
We're talking about having a kid
and she refuses to stop.
It's ridiculous.
Let it go.
You know what he's like?
Um. can I bum
a cigarette. boss?
Mike. enough.
I'm not your boss.
- I just set up the checks.
- You are the boss. come on.
Aren't you freezing to death
in that t-shirt?
No. it feels great.
It's an oven in there.
Plus the music is way too loud.
Yeah. well.
I keep telling you that.
Mmm...
Yeah?
No. go on.
Continue to talk shit
about me to my staff.
- We're just talking.
- It's cool. Mike. I know it's not you.
Alice. would you
come back in. please?
Okay.
Come here.
Don't touch me.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Okay. just relax.
Don't make me out to be someone
that I'm not. all right?
You're the one making a scene in my club.
And you make me out
to be this hysterical drunk.
Hey. I'm sorry.
All right?
Oh. come on.
Let's go.
Hey. look at me.
Fuck. I just hate when
you act like a fucking child.
Don't call me that.
- Just fucking cut it out with your shit.
- Don't touch me! I told you.
Fuck!
See. you bring this out of me.
You know. I was never this way before.
Alice. none of my exes ever.
ever made me blow up like this.
Why do you think that is?
If we can't talk.
how do you expect to move forward. huh?
- Huh?
- Car. right now. Yeah?
Yeah. sure. Run back to Mike.
Why don't you give him another cigarette?
- How about a handjob. too?
- Go to hell!
- Joe...
- Hey. no.
- Will. please. you're drunk.
- Give me the keys. I'll drive you home.
Will!
Fucking bitch.
- And then we should've...
- Dialed 911 from his home in the Lower Ninth Ward.
With nothing to eat or drink.
Mentorine was swallowed
by the same flood waters.
Beth Marchand picked up the phone
and called 911 from her attic.
My mother and I were stuck
up in the attic together.
She was...
She was in no condition to move.
The moment I hung up...
Oh. Lord!
I knew the only person
who could help us was me.
Marchand got her 79-year-old diabetic
mother onto an inflatable mattress.
And swam across the flooded street to
reach the roof of a nearby shed.
And. uh...
How long were you up on that roof?
26 hours!
We were there for the night.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
don't move. don't... Move.
I'll call 911.
I'll call.
Fuck!
Will...
We found you.
Now. lead us to your family.
The fuck?
Kunda...
Astratta...
Montosse...
Help me!
Help!
Canda!
- Are you taking anything for sleep?
- Mm.
None of it really works.
When did you guys get in?
Couple of days ago.
Joseph. sort of.
lives here now.
His parents basically
gave him the vacation home.
Look up.
Since when do you have a gun?
That is not mine.
It's Joseph's.
- I think he wants to feel badass.
- Joseph. badass?
It's cute.
Hi. Polly.
How are you?
She won't remember you.
It's only been a year. though.
We must be the same size.
- Do you think that with the construction that we could...
- Oh. no. no. Don't worry.
They promised me they
would stop at noon.
and they should be
wrapping up any minute now.
We're gathered here to...
We're gathered here today to
celebrate the life of William Price.
to pay tribute.
and to share memories of him.
because. for as long as those.
memories live on.
William will always be with us.
I would now like to ask.
Mrs. Susan Price. William's mother.
to please share a few words.
Bonnie. what are you doing?
That's Susan. Grandma.
- And Bonnie isn't with us.
- Don't waste your breath on her.
William...
My sweet boy.
I could go on for hours
about what an amazing child he was.
A model teenager.
And a man who made us
so. so proud.
He was so enamored with French cuisine.
that when he studied in Paris.
he surprised us by bringing home
a French wife. Alice.
Will dreamed of starting a family...
You two would have made
such outstanding parents.
And we could have been
Grandpa Edgar and Grandma Susan.
I would give anything
for us to be together again.
Thank you. Susan.
And. um. I'm very sorry about the noise.
Alice...
Would you like to share something with us?
Special memory of your husband?
I didn't prepare a speech.
Oh!
Okay.
Um. wow.
Uh...
So. I would like to play a song that held
a special place in William's heart.
Your wedding song.
I'd like to say goodbye to my son.
One last time.
Um. well...
You'll be able to collect the ashes
in a couple of days. but...
- you're not actually allowed back here.
- Sir!
So my son just died.
Five minutes.
And don't tell anyone
or I'll get yelled at.
Thank you.
My condolences.
Fuck.
Will!
Hang on!
Hang. hang on!
Oh!
Will. I'm coming!
Will! Hold on. son!
Hang on tight. son!
I'm coming!
What the fuck!
Help!
- Come with us.
- Okay.
- Okay. we'll see you there.
How far is it?
- Damn.
- Less than five minutes away.
Oh. fuck.
You okay?
Yeah. and it's just...
You know they don't want me there.
That's not true.
Okay. I'm here.
Jesus.
Now. look. the only thing they care about
is that we're all together.
You're part of the family.
Now. even my mom...
I mean. she said that she was really touched
you agreed to the cremation. to the burial.
And. we could do it
where she wanted.
- She appreciates you. honestly.
- Yeah. maybe I don't.
I mean. my dad. on the other hand.
I mean. he can't fucking stand you.
Oh. my God.
Looks sore and down now.
Wait. you've been here before?
We got married here.
Mom?
Dad?
Be right back.
Grandma. you know where mom is?
Oh. she's still at school.
It lets out at four.
Yeah. thank you.
Mom?
- What are you doing?
- What are you thinking?
You invited Alice.
She was Will's wife.
Mom. let me do this.
When we gave you this place.
I asked you  to throw everything away.
Why are his things still here?
I just wanted to keep something from
Grandpa.
- Felt like I was throwing him away.
- He threw us away.
I know. it's just...
I mean. some of this stuff.
it's fascinating. you know?
Unleashing flesh-possessing demons
so malevolent.
as though the devil himself were here.
Does that sound fascinating to you?
It's just inspiration for my book.
Your book is about Grandpa?
No. not him.
It's research. I mean...
Come on.
curses and demons.
I found all kinds of crazy artifacts
he brought back from around the world.
And apparently. he was part
of some secret society.
It was a cult.
They were historians. you know?
And he recorded everything
in his notebook.
Look. I was gonna tell you...
No. let me tell you.
- My father was not a good man. Joseph.
- Mom.
When my mom's mind started to go.
he retreated.
Spent more time with
The Circle of the Wise Men than us.
Always off on some expedition.
Buried in some stupid old book.
When Aunt Bonnie got sick.
that's when he left us for good.
Hunting for rusty weapons.
Crumbling scrolls. he said he had to find
a way to protect us from evil.
All he ever did was talk like that because he
didn't have the courage to face real hardship.
I had to take care of this family.
I'm sorry. Mom.
- You should get some rest.
- It's fine. I'm fine. It's the pills.
Tell everyone lunch in an hour.
Throw this out.
- Oh. let go of me!
- What's going on?
She insisted in going inside by herself.
Oh. no!
- Fuck!
- Grandma!
I was just trying to help! Money!
- Bonnie! Bonnie! I got her!
- Hey. grandma. Just let her go. Grandma!
She's trying to steal my money!
Call the police!
- Susan. we were just trying...
- Let go of me! Bonnie!
- Grandma! You okay?
- Not really.
- Calm down.
- I'm fine. I'm good.
It's broken.
Just a sec. mom.
You thief!
Oh. my God.
Dad?
It's out of gas.
- You don't need to worry about the yard.
- Someone's gotta do it.
- I will. I just have to...
- We leave you this house...
You let it rot.
You like living in shit!
We're inside.
Let us in. dad.
It's okay.
- Don't fight...
- Don't fight.
- Come on. you can do it.
- We're inside.
- Do it!
Edgar?
Edgar. are you okay?
Don't tell my wife.
Please.
I hold on to this. okay?
What happened?
I missed a step in the cellar.
I dropped the plates. I'm sorry.
Yes. I heard that.
Could you put this on
the dining room table?
Please be careful with it...
Made it myself.
You did?
It's Niobe.
A Greek queen.
She's Edgar's favorite.
- It's pretty.
- Yeah.
Why did you stop?
First the kids.
Then my sister Bonnie got sick.
And my mother couldn't live on her own.
Woah.
You had a gift.
It's a shame.
Why is it a shame?
It was with the people I love.
Building a life.
You know. without my family. I'm nothing.
Thank you. Joseph.
That was beautiful.
No.
That's Will's seat.
Oh!
My big boy. Will.
When does he get here?
Edgar...
Would you do the wine. please?
Oh. don't.
I got it.
Mmm. so good.
They're pre-made.
We've just heated them.
Joseph is right.
they're delicious.
I would never guess it was frozen.
That's concerning.
It's clearly frozen food on paper plates.
If you manage the restaurant alone.
you need to know frozen from fresh.
About the restaurant. I'm...
I'm not sure I plan to...
- Let's just talk about it another time.
- Let's talk about it now.
We're all here.
Well...
I haven't decided anything.
but I mean it was Will's restaurant.
You ran the place together.
I only did the accounting.
But you're... his wife.
Are you sure?
To be honest. I was thinking
I might go back to Paris for a while.
Maybe. stay with my...
with my dad.
Then things seem a little more
decided than you let on.
No. no. no.
These things should be
dealt with as a family.
Yeah.
We should deal with it as a family.
You know the staff adores you.
Alice.
They need you.
Think about Will.
Do it for him.
Wait. I recognize you.
You're married to my grandson.
aren't you?
Don't turn a deaf ear!
- I asked you a question.
- It's alright.
- I...
- It's okay. It's okay.
All I'm saying is...
you have the chance
to take over a successful
business while honoring
Will at the same time.
It was his life's work.
It was his passion.
- And you should carry it on.
- Susan...
I really think we should
do this another time.
No. now's the best time
to lay everything on the table.
He's right.
- We need to make decisions together.
- You're driving me fucking crazy!
Without me. you are nothing. Alice.
It's what Will would have wanted.
Let's go see.
That's your fucking problem!
- Do it for him.
- Will. when does he get here?
I'm trying to have a fucking kid!
You do not know what you fucking want!
Dang it!
Don't you fucking bait me. Alice!
Alice!
Just calm down.
I am calm.
But you shouldn't speak on Will's behalf.
I'm his mother.
No one knows him better than I do.
Grandma. no.
Sorry.
Okay. look.
We're all here for him.
but I think Alice is right.
- This isn't the right time.
- It's never the right time for you. is it?
That's why you've done
nothing with your life.
- Edgar. please.
- Don't you fucking touch me.
Edgar. we're all grieving here.
but that's no reason to be cruel.
- It's fine.
- It's not.
- Joe.
- Where is it?
Where's the wedding ring?
- Why aren't you wearing it?
- Did you sell it?
- You get a good price?
- No! No. no. Of course not.
- I. I can explain.
- Edgar. can I have the corkscrew. please?
And a hoodie and sneakers
at her husband's funeral?
I'm right here. Edgar.
You can speak to me directly.
You didn't even cry.
Don't you think that's where...
- People grieve in different...
- Get away from me!
Will's dead.
Now. you inflict this on us.
Okay. that's enough.
- Dad. you've had...
- It's your fault. he's dead.
You didn't stop him getting into the car!
Stop it. Dad.
I had nothing to do with it.
- Will got into a fight with Alice
and he wasn't even... - What?
- Are you implying it was my fault?
- No. no. Of course not.
You were there.
You couldn't stop him from
getting in a car either.
- I tried.
- We tried.
- Okay. I didn't. That doesn't mean it's my fault.
- That's not what I'm saying. Alice.
- This is exactly what you said.
- No.
- Alice. I think...
- I think you should all mind your own business.
You don't know anything.
- You're glad he's dead.
- Please. please. please.
Will's looking down on us from above.
From above.
He's down below.
Dad. what are you doing?!
Stop!
Oh. my God!
- Dad. what the fuck!
- Are you okay?
Don't move.
Help...
Help me!
- Get your keys!
- Okay!
Let's take him to a hospital!
Thya!
Je. help!
- Grab his arm!
- I got him! I got him. I got him.
What did we do to deserve this?
They left without saying goodbye.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Is he fucking crazy?
Thya. please!
Give me a second!
- He killed her fucking dog!
- I know!
Shit. shit!
He's fucking bleeding everywhere.
Shit.
Shit!
Come on!
Joe?
- What?
- Your dad.
No!
Oh. my fucking God!
Stop!
Let her go!
I said. let her go!
Fucking shoot him!
Fucking shoot!
Shoot me. Joe.
Shoot me.
Shoot me. Joe!
Shoot me!
Joseph!
October 1983.
That cursed Book of the Dead.
I warned them against reading from it.
The forbidden incantation.
Four words that can unleash evil.
But they didn't listen.
December 1983.
At last. I have found it.
A weapon that can stop them all.
A dagger created by
the Circle of the Wise Men.
A tiny sketch from this ancient blade rips
their demonic souls from their bodies.
I've hidden it. but now must leave again.
These creatures are hunting me.
And I must protect my wife and daughters.
Kunda.
Astratta.
Montosse.
No. fuck this!
Alice?
What's wrong?
I don't understand you.
What happened?
Where's your father?
I think Dad just killed Thya.
Open up.
It's me.
She came back for my money.
To your perfect family.
Cheers.
Stop!
No!
Joe. it hurts.
- Please. Joe.
- Joe. no!
- Where is your father?!
- We gotta go. we gotta go!
Alice. Alice. come on!
Come on. we gotta go!
Edgar...
- Sweetheart.
- Susan. don't!
- Get off me!
- Mom!
You should be dead. not Will.
- No!
He's just standing there.
Staring.
We're fucking trapped!
I'll be right back. Mom.
Children?
Please. open the door.
Did you come back to
return what you stole?
Uh...
Oh!
Exactly.
Oh. my God!
Mom! Mom!
Are you okay?
Mom?
You're fine. It's okay.
I got you.
We will destroy it.
No more Wise Men.
Should I go. or...
Do you wanna...
You go.
Get Grandma upstairs.
You thought I'd let you have all the men
in this family to yourself?
Joseph. come!
Get help!
Don't bother. babe.
That's not his style.
I said come!
Susan...
Stop coddling the boy.
He has something that we need.
No! Stop!
Give us what we came for!
I told you she was a thief!
Oh. so you're brave now.
I was your first.
I'll make sure I'm your last.
Said you wouldn't shoot your father.
But killing me...
...is easy?
Come here. young lady!
I have what you want!
Be right back. baby.
The money's under my mattress.
Take it.
And leave us alone.
Awh...
It's all broken in here.
But there is something that we want
in that little head of yours.
Your husband must have
told you where it is.
This will fix you.
Polly...
Where's your leg?
That little...
The Circle of the Wise Men failed.
Your grandpa failed.
You'll all die tonight.
Alice.
- I'm coming.
- We're coming.
Alice.
- I'm coming for you.
- For fucking sake!
Joe.
What's the Circle of the Wise Men?
- I didn't think that it was real.
- Stop hiding stuff and just tell me.
I saw those fucked up drawings
you threw out.
Did Will ever tell you
about our grandfather?
Growing up. we were always
told he was unstable.
In his journals. he described it as this
group. convinced the devil had been here.
And. would return if anyone read
from what he called the...
The Book of the Dead.
My grandfather left his family
to travel the world.
researching and collecting artifacts
as protection from all this.
You still have them?
I mean. my mom asked me to throw
everything away after he died. but...
- Fuck you.
- No. no. She asked. but I didn't.
There's still some stuff
hidden up in the attic.
And Thya...
That thing inside her.
said they were looking for something.
I mean. maybe whatever that is.
it can stop them.
Mom. I need you
to drink this. please.
Can you look under the bed?
Daddy always checks to make sure
there aren't any monsters.
No monsters.
You're lying.
Don't worry.
You're safe here.
Good night. Mom.
Good night. Susan.
What did you call me?
Come. sweetheart.
Mom.
I missed you.
I missed you so much.
We shared the same dream.
It can still come true.
The whole family can be reunited.
Will's already on his way.
He'll be here soon.
Don't be scared. Susan.
Remember what you said at the funeral.
That you would give everything you have.
for us all to be together again.
Without your family.
you're nothing.
I miss you.
I miss us.
You haven't kissed me like that in years.
Your father's not there anymore.
Maybe we could...
Joseph?
Hey. is Grandma okay?
Everything good?
Yes. everything's better now.
I need you to trust me.
Trust you?
They're not our enemies.
I realize that now.
They just want something back
that my father stole.
I told you he was a bad man.
It's simple.
Tell them where it is.
Give them what they want and this ends.
We can be happy again.
Where what is?
Our weapon.
We threw everything away.
You're lying to me.
Tell us where it is.
Us?
Where is the Kandarian dagger?
No!
Stop!
Alice!
Alice. guard me!
Edgar!
Leave him alone!
You need to stop meddling
in our family affairs.
You promised!
You promised not to hurt him!
Finally some use for this
revolting piece of shit.
Come.
See what they did.
Don't!
Finally. something you can be proud of.
No!
The dagger...
Did you say something?
I know where the dagger is!
Nothing will stand in our way now.
Once we have the dagger.
No!
- Get off him!
- Stop!
Get off him!
Edgar!
No!
Get off me!
Wait!
No!
Joseph!
Don't!
Joseph. come on!
Get away!
Get off us!
Come on!
No!
Where is the dagger?
Where is it?
Answer me!
Find it.
Before them.
No!
Don't!
Oh. stop!
I'm just giving you what you want.
I know you liked it
when Will hurt you.
Isn't that why you stayed?
Don't turn a deaf ear.
I asked you a question.
Susan...
Help!
Susan. dear.
Would you mind pushing the throttle
to tear this bitch's face off. please?
She brought chaos into this family.
Your son died because of her.
Do it.
For Will.
Do it!
Oh. Susan!
I'm sorry. Alice.
Is it Joseph?
Is it my son?
What are you doing?!
You should be grateful I didn't leave you
back there.
Don't you dare move!
Grateful?
My family is gone.
Everyone I love is gone because of you.
All you've ever done is bring us pain.
- I hate you.
- Oh. shut up. Susan!
Shut the fuck up!
I didn't bring anything to your family.
It was already there.
You see this?
You see. Susan?
This is your son.
This is what he was capable of.
- Was an accident!
- No. it wasn't!
It was not!
And you knew.
You knew. Susan.
You deserve everything
that's happened to you.
Every fucking thing.
But you know what?
It's behind you now.
I don't give a shit anymore.
You're right.
Your past is behind you.
Right...
Right behind you.
Like a shadow.
Can't escape it.
Just when you think you're safe.
Yield.
When you breathe a quivering sigh.
My son will be there.
As a husband should.
And he...
will...
burn...
you...
down.
Like the whore...
you are.
You are my dead by dawn!
Alice!
Help me up.
I know where the dagger is.
I'll help you find it.
And then I'll cut you open with it.
like my brother I should have.
You're worthless.
just like my grandfather.
Shut up!
You never found it
and you never will.
Let me end your miserable life.
You like pain anyway.
That's why you let Will hurt you. isn't it?
Poor...
little...
Alice.
You'll be found in an attic alone.
Gutted from tit to tail.
You never wanted kids anyway.
Your body is useless.
Wrong one.
Circle of the Wise Men is dead.
Come here. you little bitch.
I told you it's not here.
- My family will...
- Fuck your family!
Did you stay because you liked it?
Or you're too much of a coward to leave me?
Look at you now.
You still can't leave.
Remember the last thing you said to me?
Go to hell!
You got your wish.
I shouldn't have hurt you. Alice.
I should have killed you.
This is where I promised
to always be with you.
Where I promised that
not even death would do us part.
I will keep my promise. Alice.
Because without me...
you are nothing.
Hello?
I could never.
have lived without you.
Alice.
I won't let you live without me.
Oh. no!
Where is the dagger?
Where is it?!
Where is it. Alice?!
Go get it.
Where is the dagger?!
Speak or burn. bitch!
Here's your fucking dagger!
I love you.
That is not enough.
Got a cigarette?
- I'm not really allowed to...
- Just give it to me.
Who did this to you?
My ex-husband.
Wicked little French bitch!
- Ma'am! What happened?
- No!
- Are you okay?
- Oh. thank heavens! Please help me.
She stole my legs.
But yours will do just fine.
Uh...